Privacy Policy
Alike Studio, S.L., and its affiliates ("we" or "us") may collect, store and use your personal information in connection with developing and providing to you its products, software applications, websites and other services (collectively, "Services").

This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") explains how such information is collected and used by us. Please read it carefully, as all of our Services are governed by this Privacy Policy. By using or accessing any Service you agree to and give consent to this processing and use of your personal information. If you are located outside the United States, you acknowledge and consent to the processing of such data in the country in which it was collected as well as in other countries, including the United States, where regulations regarding processing of personal information may be less stringent than regulations in your country. You are not authorized to install, access or otherwise use the Services if you do not agree to this Privacy Policy.

We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy from time to time without advance notice. Your continued use of Services will signify your agreement to and acceptance of any changes to this Privacy Policy. Please visit this page periodically to review the current Privacy Policy and to understand what information we gather and how we may use it. This Privacy Policy is governed by and forms a part of our End User License Agreement and Terms of Use.

Data Collection

Situations when you make personal data available to us may include, but are not limited to: (i) by visiting our websites or using our software applications, (ii) registration for Services, contests and special events; (iii) accessing Services using ID from a third party service, such as a gaming service or social network service; (iv) subscribing to newsletters; (v) requesting customer support; and (vi) otherwise through use of our Services where personal data is required for use and/or participation. Personal and other data we collect and/or process may include (but is not limited to): email address, IP address, application usage data, operating system information, browser information, unique identifiers in cookies, network and online usage information, and user names.

In the course of providing the Services, we may employ third party service providers and their technologies that use certain methods to collect personal and other information as a result of their integration with the Services to perform analytics and other services for us. Collected data may be used and processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the privacy policies of the applicable third parties.

Use of Information

We use the collected data to provide the Services as well as conduct related analytics regarding the use of Services, such as user behavior with respect to our Services, the number of visitors to our sites and services and which sections of a site or service are popular. We use this information for supporting our business operations, which include product development, improving products and services, personalizing relevant content, measuring marketing campaign performance, customer support and communications, protecting the rights of Alike and its partners and users and complying with applicable laws and regulations as well as our Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy. In the course of providing the Services, personal and anonymous data related to a specific software application may be shared with those third party developer(s) specifically involved with its development and operations. We may also share information in connection with any business combination, sale of assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another entity.

While we may use third parties to collect and process personal and other data on our behalf and according to our instructions in the course of providing the Services, we do not actually control third-party data collection and use. Please note that these third parties have their own terms and policies related to tracking technologies for analytics and other service purposes. Alike is not liable for the acts and omissions of these third parties or their technologies, except as may be mandated by law.

Data Retention

We may retain and store collected data for any periods necessary to perform Services and fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. We do not verify the correctness of any personal data. Please note that some data may be further retained if necessary to resolve disputes, enforce user agreements, and comply with technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of Services.

Third Party Terms

Please note that your access to and use of the Services may be subject to certain third party terms and conditions, and we are not liable for any such third parties’ use of your personal data or other information they gather in the course of your use of the Services. These third parties include mobile device manufacturers, operating system and browser developers, social network services, and online and mobile network communications providers. Please refer to the privacy policies and terms and conditions applied by such third parties.

In addition, if you leave our websites or apps and go to another website or app, the third party associated with such site or app may collect personal and other data from you. We have no control over, do not review, and do not assume any responsibility for, these external websites or apps or their content, policies or terms.

Public Disclosure by You

You may choose to disclose data about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content, if applicable, to the Services. Any data that you disclose in any forums, blogs, chats or the like that are part of the Services will become public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality with respect to that data.

Children Under 13 Years of Age

WWe do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. If we learn that we have inadvertently gathered personal information from children under 13 years of age, we will take reasonable measures to promptly delete such information from our records.

Other

While we follow generally accepted industry standards and maintain reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information in our possession, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of such information.

Contact Information

For questions and information about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@alikestudio.com.
